it's hard to keep oneself isolated in an
overcrowded place like this camp in Deer
alala in central
Gaza for Maj alahi recently diagnosed
with Hepatitis A condition that spreads
from close contact it's an added layer
of
challenge my son has been feeling
fatigue losing appetite and has a fever
there's an outbreak of various diseases
children in the tent next to hours are
suffering itis and I fear for him
especially since his eyes are turning
yellow as well as his
urine mged faces the daunting task of
isolating to prevent spreading the
disease amongst his 40 relatives who've
been displaced from northern
Gaza his mom is doing her best to keep
things clean but she says it's far from
Easy this is the tent housing 40 people
including my family and in-laws there
are 15 children living in this tent the
doctor suggest we isolate the sick ones
for God's sake how can we do this you
tell me my husband four children and I
sleep in this tiny spot how can we
separate the sick the spot is not even
protected from rain water or
sewage this camp in Deer albala has
become the last refuge for thousands
from across
Gaza but with sewage leaking between
tents and garbage piling up everywhere
the situation only seems to be
worsened local Health officials recently
reported an out of hepatitis A it's been
made worse by the constant overcrowding
and people being unable to shower or
keep proper
hygiene hepatitis A is caused by a virus
it spreads through close contact not in
the same way as a Corona virus as the
virus is concentrated in saliva that is
why it is easily contracted through
spoons towels and even pillows it causes
symptoms similar to the flu like stomach
ache and diarrhea
even
fever as Israeli forces move deeper into
conun Palestinian families are facing
constant overcrowding an endless weight
for food water and whatever Medical Aid
is still available life's basic
necessities have become rare Commodities
here Ronan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer